Twenty letters from paris
Last year
You've been gone six months
And I got the fear
After all the songs
That we've sung
Together
After all the sweet-
If I knew where you were
I would surely inform you
But every night
Don't you sleep-
- Hey. Ash. Where are we?
- We just crossed the tennessee border.
- Which would put us-
- Yeah?
Which would put us...
Right...
Here.
Turn!
What the hell was that?
Are you trying to kill us?
Don't blame me!it's your. Steering wheel
Damn thing jerked right out of my hand.
I had this thing in for a Tuneup yesterday
And they said they'd go over everything.
You'd better take it back.
'Cause the damn thing don't work.
The only thing that does work is its lousy horn.
Aw. Go to hell!
I'm not honkin' at you.
Jesus christ.
Hey. Scotty. What's this place like anyway?
Well. The guy that's renting it
Says it's an old place.
A little rundown. But it's
Right up in the mountains.
And the best part is
We get it so cheap.
Why are we getting it
So cheap?
Well. I don't know.
It might be in real bad shape.
You mean nobody's seen this place yet?
Well. Not yet.
It might not be that bad.
No.
Actually. It might be kind of nice.
Yeah.
It's probably a real pit.
I think this is
Where we get off.
This is the bridge we're gonna cross?
Jesus christ
The whole thing's falling apart on us!
Don't let the noise fool you
This thing is solid as a rock.
It's supposed to be one of these
On here.
Come on. Hey! hey!
Hey!
Hey.
join us.
Join us.
Dead bodies in the cellar.
Dead bodies-
Will you stop it?
I would like very much
To make a toast here for all this evening.
Yeah.
That sounds nice.
Uh. As a greek friend of mine
Once said.
He said. "I-"
Okay. Okay. Okay.
"Nis. Nis-
Tu- Tu- Tu-Tar-Im. "
which means?
Party down! yeah.
What is this?
Whatever it is.
It's still down there.
I don't like cellars.
Let's just close it up.
It's probably
Just some animal.
An animal?
An animal!
That is the stupidest thing
I ever heard of! jesus christ.
Well. There's something
Down there.
Maybe it is
Just some animal.
Yeah. You're probably right.
Probably just some animal.
Here. Cheryl. Why don't you
Go down and make sure?
Scotty. I'm not
Going down there.
Okay. Okay. You cowards.
I'll go.
Be careful.
Back in a minute.
Hey. Scotty.
You find anything?
Scotty.
Scotty!
Scott?
He's just kidding around.
Isn't he?
Scotty!
Scott! linda.
Get me a flashlight.
That's the only one
We brought up.
Then get the lantern.
Scotty?
Boo!
Hey. Come here.
I wanna show you something.
Look at all this stuff.
- I bet this still shoots.
- Probably does.
Oh!
Oh. God.
Look at this.
This kind of looks like
Your old girlfriend.
Come on. Let's take
This stuff upstairs.
I'll grab the recorder
And you get everything else. - Yeah.
This guy was a real turd. Everybody hated him.
Like you. Kind of.
Yeah. Just like me. I'm gonna break your face.
He's also into this. Western stuff. He makes
all these little models-
Okay. Shh.
Listen to this.
This is the tape
I found downstairs.
It has been a number of years since I began...
Excavating the ruins
Of ca'n dar with a group of my colleagues.
Now my wife and I have retreated
To a small cabin...
In the solitude
Of these mountains.
Here I continued my research
Undisturbed by the myriad distractions...
Of modern civilization. And far
From the groves of academe.
I believe I have made
A significant find in the ca'n darian ruins-
A volume of ancient. Sumerian burial
practices and funerary incantations.
It is entitled
Naturan demanto.
Roughly translated.
Book of the dead.
The book is bound
In human flesh...
And inked in human blood.
It deals with demons.
Demon resurrection And those. Forces which
roam the forest and dark bowers of man's domain
The first few pages...
Warn that these enduring. Creatures may
lie dormant.But are never truly dead
They may be recalled to active. Life through
the incantations presented in this book.
It is through recitation. Of these passages
that the demons are given license...
To possess the living.
What did you do that for?
it was just getting good.
I just don't want to hear it
Anymore. That's all.
Scott. Come on.
Hey. Come on.
I just want to hear the rest of it.
No big deal.
Tantir-Ah-Mis-Trobeen- Ha-Zar-Ta.
Tantir-Manov-
Mansis-Hazen-Sober.
Saman-Ta-Roza-
Dar-Hiz-Hikar- Dan-Derodza.
Kanda.
Shut it off.
Shut it off!
- Kanda!
- shut it off!
Oh. My god!
Cheryl. Where are you going?
I can't believe this.
Scott. You knew not to play that.
You knew it was upsetting her. You don't
know when you're taking something too far.
Hey. Don't give me that.
You were playing it too.
You could've shut it off.
Big deal.
She's nuts.
It's just a joke. Come on.
Jesus christ.
She acts like she's
Three years old or something.
Listen. Why don't we
Stay up for a while and listen to the storm?
All right. Yeah. Let me check on
cheryl first to make sure she's okay.
Aha!
Oh! stealing
From the blind. Huh?
It's for you.
Ash. How sweet of you.
Would you put it on?
Oh. Sure.
I was gonna give it to you Before we came
up here. But things got so hectic.
This is really
The first chance we've had to be alone.
Take a look.
Oh. Ash. It's beautiful.
I really love it.
I'll never take it off.
Join us.
Is anybody out there?
I know someone's out there.
I heard you.
I heard you in the cellar.
Join us.
Ashly!
Help!
what the hell happened?
What's the matter with you?
Did something in the woods do this to you?
No. It was the woods themselves.
They're alive. Ashly.
The trees. They're alive.
Ash. Why don't I take her so she can lie down-
I'm not lying down!
I want to get out of here.
I want to leave this place right now.
Right now. Ashly!Wait a minute
I sure as hell am not leaving tonight.
Cheryl.Cheryl. There's nothing out there
Trees do not attack people.
Ashly. Will you drive me into town or not?
What. Right now?
Look. Sure. I'll take you.
But just listen to what you're saying.
I don't care how it sounds.
I wanna get out of this place
Right now.
Okay. You can stay
Somewhere in town tonight.
Come on. Come on.
I know it's not gonna start.
It's not gonna let us leave.
Why are you stopping?
Wait here a minute.
Do you see something?
Where are you going?
Ashly?
It's not gonna let us go!
I told you!
Why won't you listen to me?
I know now that my wife
Has become host to a ca'n darian demon.
I fear that the only way. To stop those
possessed by the spirits of the book...
Is through the act
Of bodily dismemberment.
I would leave now
To avoid this horror. But for myself...
I have seen the dark
Shadows moving in the woods...
And I have no doubt that
Whatever I have resurrected through this book...
Is sure to come calling
For me.
Okay. Let me think.
Uh-
It's a seven.
What suit?
Uh. Diamonds!
No. No. Wait.
Hearts. Oh. My god.
Seven of hearts. You're right.
Hey. Ash!
I guessed the card right.
Yeah. Truly amazing.
Linda.
I don't know. But I think!It's really some
sort of extra sense or something.
You know. Like e. S.P.
Okay. Try this one.
Um. It's a seven.
I don't believe it!
Queen of spades.
Four of hearts.
Eight of spades.
Two of spades! jack of diamonds!
Jack of clubs!
Why have you disturbed our sleep?
Awakened us from our
Ancient slumber?
You will die!
Like the others before you.
One by one.
We will take you.
What happened to her?
Did you see her eyes?
Ash. I'm scared.
What's wrong with her?
Cheryl! stop it!
Join us! join us!
Ash. I think we ought to get outta here.
Yeah.
We still have a few more hours
Before morning.
I don't think I can wait that long.
You have to.
We all have to.
And then in the morning.
We'll get in the car and we'll take the bridge.
And-
Why does she keep making
Those horrible noises?
I don't know!
What about her eyes?
For god's sake.
What happened to her eyes?
Everything's
Gonna be all right.
Scotty. I-
I think there's something out there.
Go to bed
And get some sleep. Okay?
Shelly?